{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MS Shell DLg;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 MS Shell Dlg;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ri18\cf1\f0\fs20\par
Thats one small step for a man. One giant leap for a midget.\par
\par
Hey man! . Yah man!\line\line   I just called to tell you some good I put my penis in a vagina yesterday(pause) yah inside(pause) well in and out really it was both in and out(pause) well i cant say how many times im not great at counting large numbers plus i was preoccupied what with the thrusting and all(pause)an estimate... hmm well lets see... well i can definately tell you that it was in 2 more times than it.due to the fact that it went in... and it came in...so logically ammount in = out + 2.i think your missing the point it wasnt really the ammount of times i put my penis in , or for that matter out, it was rather the act itself.... the velocity? hmmm thats a good question. well i suppose it wasnt constant. you know back and forth what not. I suppose I probably had some sort of average frequency with the matter.... sort of a sinusoidal wave functionyou know.... \par
yah grab your calculator lets figure this out.\par
\par
Stereotypes are a type of stereo where the beats are fresh and the rhymes are scary yo!\par
\par
People born without arms look like they are growing tiny wings.\par
\par
Guilt trip --- proud journey\par
\par
Supposedly\par
some bros and me\par
recieved an email\par
from a female\par
\par
Whenever you try and write how many words you have written you gotta keep trying. I wrote 17 words so far.  Oh fuck! I wrote 23 now i guess. COCK! I wont be able to finish this sentance until achilles catches that tortoise.\par
\par
If you need further anecqdotal evidence of mans evolution from primate like animals just watch him open a door while holding several large boxes.\par
\par
Zippers are magic.\par
\par
X is a t with terrible posture.\par
\par
Sandwiches sounds like sand-witches which sounds scary!\par
\par
If you decree something instead of just saying it, people are more likely to believe you.\par
\par
When my phone's volume is off it doesn't say "Silent", it says "Silence All". What kind of orwellian totalitarian phone do I have? Ordering me around instead of telling me a little about himself politely. Pushy ass phone.\par
\par
No matter  how well composed someone's argument is, a well timed "your mom" can always bring it down.\par
\par
When I do homework instead of writing question 1, i write quest 1, because it feels more epic when i finish.\par
\par
Bonerfest 2009! The mightiest of the meats collide this saturday at the Thunderdome! It's going to be a mess!\par
\par
It's come to my attention that if I was a rabbit and i found a 100$ bill, I would probably just eat it. Man what a wasteful person I am...\par
\par
Why do people say I'm afraid when what they really mean is unfortunately.  "I only have 20$ i'm afraid. Really? Are you really afraid? Well I'm not a greif counceller. 20$ will be fine. Take a penny\par
\par
Mexican student:  "That's my English esse. But he's busy writing an english essay.\par
\par
A diet coke weighs the same as a regular coke. so maybe its not working...\par
\par
Guis pee standing up all the time. When girls do it its a special occasion. Like camping without pants on\par
\par
\par
\par
I seen a stop sign that had the word "Racism" spray painted on it. So it said "Stop Racism" As if someone would see it, and say of course! I will stop racism! I have to. its my calling. I need to get to work! and then they got hit by a car because they didnt stop.\par
\par
pick up line : excuse me miss do you have an std, because as soon as i got close to you my penis swelled\par
\pard\ri18\sb100\sa100\cf0 Nobody gives a fuck about tuesday. Nobody Likes it. Nobody even hates it. They just don't care.\par
When you take a space bar off of a keyboard it looks like a cement kit kat.\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 People have favourite letters. When they know there going to be writing a word with alot of their favourite letter in it they get all excited for a second. Yes! There are so many F's in RIFFRAFF. My favourite letter is lower case L. Because it's just a line. If you fuck up an l, maybe your just not cut out for writing.\par
more:  (RATTATATTATORY, RAZZLEDAZZLE)\par
How Do Zippers Work! It's so damn secretive. Something inside that little black sucker does some magic that puts those two things together that i just cant do myself no matter how hard I try!\par
Next time your bored just start drawing pictures of guns. Cmon... It's what you did when you were a kid. youll still fucking love it. Just do it. You'll thank yourself when you draw a gattling gun that shoots other guns out of it.\par
I hate when you get home later than you anticipated. I live alone, but I just don't want my appliances to wait up for me worried.\par
I heard a phone conversation out loud about sniffing glue once. You'd think that that sort of converstation might best be served in a person to person more intimate situation. But I don't judge.\par
The new laundry detergent ads are all about how the solution is more concentrated and in a smaller bottle. All that means is that your no longer watering that shit down. Although I appreciate the honesty about how you were ripping us all off for decades, What I'd really appreciate is if you kept it in the same sized bottle so your dumbass commercial actually meant something. Higher concentration, Less volume... same ammount of fucking cleany stuff. It doesnt take a mathematician to Guesstimate this equation.\par
Gun it G-Unit!!!!\par
Repairman---male    Repairwoman---female    Repairwolf---werewolf\par
Why doesn't the vagina play a more integral part in the rituals of the birthday. I mean it really was the core focus of attention on the actual day itself. You would think maybe a vagina shaped cake was in order.\par
Alright so on the way here i was riding a bus, you know like a city bus. The guy i was sitting next to was had this book he was flipping through and it was like one of those you know old leather bound looking ones so it caught my interest, so i asked him. "hey man whats with the book?" and he turns to me and goes " its a book of black magic, im well versed in the art of necromancy ( in a tom ish voice, the creepy one)" so at this point i wanted the conversation to end, like right there, so i turned to him, dead serious, and said " yah, im pretty good at fuckin dead people too."\line\line sometimes people ask where I'm from and I say saskatchewan and they say " saskatchewan huh, all i know that comes from there are steers and queers and i dont see no horns" Theres only one proper reply to some one who says that... " what? thats odd theyre usually right here * feels at head* oh god,* fall to knees * OH GOD MY HORNS , MY BEAUTIFUL HORNS, HOW CAN I EVER RETURN TO SASKATCHEWAN NOW, IM A FREAK AMONGST THE STEER COMMUNITY, AND THE GAYS WONT TAKE ME, I HAVE NO TESTICLES!\cf1\par
\pard\li277\ri18\tx720\par
The morgue is like high school for necropheliacs. It's where they get the best action: Still fresh.\par
\par
You really should stop dating women who want to fuck you right away. Honestly. You cant start a relationship with a girl who looks at life as a big bag of penises and asks herself "bet you cant have just one"\par
\par
I'm sick of people talking about ethics. Trying to enforce their  beliefs onto me. People dont realize sometimes that ethics change over time. Example, Just a few years ago it might have been considered unethical for a black man to marry a white woman. Now it's just gross.\par
\par
A journal is where you tell yourself things you already know so you'll remember to be mad at people after you stop being mad at them\par
\par
The only useful function for nipples on a man is to rub them so why do people stare at me when i do so on the bus\par
\par
An eyebrows biological function is to tell people when you are shocked.\par
\par
People try to put a real negative spin on rape but when you really think about it. raping is probably what kept humanity going through the ice age. If it werent for raping do you really tyhink we would be here today. Raping is a natural survival technique just like camoflaug.\par
\par
I dont think we need west east south or west anymore. I mean left right up or down are fine. Although the directions will be hard to get used to \par
"You go up 21st down avenue and take a right on 4th left street.\par
\par
When the public masturbating ninja struck, nobody seen him coming.\par
\par
I was eating lunch at the cafeteria. And i got way to many salt packets left when i was done. So I thought i should go put some back. But then i realized people dont think fondly of the guy who takes food and puts it back where it came from and left. If someone got a razer blade with an apple in it that week id be getting alot of questions asked \par
\par
Ever have one of those days where you wake up and the child proof lid on your vitamins beats you. man you know that day is gonna suck\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\cf0 Keeping it real is what seperates us from the animals. \line Animals always hide the true shit.\par
\pard\li277\ri18\tx720\cf1\par
The mongolians waged war the same way I play risk. \par
\par
King of many....Duke of Few!\par
\par
Bill and ted go back to medievel times to save the princesses but oh snap its marty and doc and there stuck in time. will they be able to save the day with einsteins help?\par
\par
Attack! Of the \f1 Dodecahedron!   Wow what a wonderful night. Omg is that a dodecahedron RUNN!!!! .. later that evening. Hey bobby look is that a circle? No You fool RUNNNNN!!\par
\par
Monopoly is a cruel fucking game. Every time I play it's just the two players with all the good spaces and I cant afford to get a house ANYWHERE> And if your playing monopoly and you need to get a mortgage just give up because your pathetic ass aint going anywhere in this game. Nothing breaks up more families than monopoly. Fake money brings the evil out of normally good people.\par
\par
Science is weird.  My teacher said "up till 20 years ago they only recreated absolute value up to 10 ^-6 Kelvin. However later scientists used magnets and lasers and recreated it up to 10 ^-7 Kelvin. So that was a pretty big breakthrough"\par
\par
The fire alarm said "pull in case of fire"    so i pulled it. You know. Just in case. Shit who knows there might be a fire later better just be safe.\par
\par
I bought a pillowcase cuz my pillow got cold.\par
\par
Superbowl sunday is when all the dumbest people from all over north america watch the same commercials and shit at the same time fucking up a citys sewer system almost completely.\par
\par
Mariuanna at parliament:   Exhibit a your honor. its totally cool. exhibit b. everyone is doing it!\par
\par
There is nothing dumber than reality television.  On Hells Kitchen for 10 minutes they played stressful anxious music over people cutting fish into 6 oz portions with GASP!!! no scale!  the best part was when they came back from the commercial they had a recap of what happened before the break just in case anyone was lost . They honestly think your that dumb. No. Seriously. They treat us like children. And just like real life for cutting the fish perfectly they got to ride a yaught. dumb fucks.\par
\par
Do you think curious people kill cats?\par
\par
I dont like new age stuff because they all seem to think technology is a bad thing. But technology gave me my door and i fucking love doors. they do such a good job at keeping the vampires at bay. Technology is the difference between how cavemen carried sharpened rocks in their pouchees and i carry dr pepper lip balm in my man purse.  Cavemen had way chapped lips man.   Im gonna start a church called the church of technology.  We sacrifice A computer on the AlterNet on bill gates birthday by downloading Horse Porn off of lime wire until it ceases to function anymore.\par
\par
Someone held a stereotype party at the university dorms where you dress up as a stereotype of your choice. Honestly it sounds like it would be a lot of fun if everone all agreed to be cool about hating each other.\par
\par
Every door is an emergency door if theirs an emergency...\par
\par
My happy meal has aids... but im still happy.\par
\par
i made a cult so i could put good leadership skills on my resume. my references will die for my job security!!!\par
\par
Full HOUSE tournament fighter!!!\par
\par
Hey asshole whos complaining that you dont get 12 dollars an hour wage selling popcorn.  Theres people in countries who live in fucking tin trash huts. im not asking you to care. im just asking you to shut the fuck up.\par
\par
why has no one looked into the market of super high definition slow motion cumshots into the camera lense. Seems like that would have been the first thing i would have thought if i was in charge of a porn company. The internet just disappoints me.\par
\par
I was looking at a lip balm one one day and i looked on the side it  sayd medical ingrediants : "octyl methoxycinnamate  7.5% oxy benzone 3.5%... SO i had to eat like 20 of them to get my dailys supply.   Just trying to maintain my health.\par
\par
"I'm so good at eating pussy I played an instrumental version of Pink Floyd's 'The Great Gig In The Sky' and unwillingly got my girlfriend to do the vocals"---> Rayln\par
\pard\cf0\f2\par
\par
\tab My internet was going slow so I lowered the modem, you know, I figured it would go faster cause it wouldn't have to flow upstream.\par
\par
\tab I recently had a Laparoscopic Appendectomy, aka, my appendix removed.  It took about a hour but it was really quite odd when I woke up, for I discovered that somehow in my absence of conciousness, my pubic hair was shaved...by a 45  year old man, so he could properly stick his... devices...inside me.  Right before they put me out one of the doctors tells me that " while you are under Robin one of the nurses will administer a soposotory to you "...now is that really neccessary, im sure they have reason for the soposotory but do they gotta tell me that right before I go under, im already nervous as hell, and now the last thing I will be thinking of before I go under is being flipped over and a pill of unknown size, which my imagination will surely overexagerate, being...inserted...into...my...rectum. And they have to be all sneaky about it too " ONE of the nurses, im not telling which one..." its like I cant know which one violated me, and this makes me think, well...Why cant I know?  what else are they doing up there?  Putting ...up there? Or possibly removing, is it so I dont know which one to blame, when I take a watery shit and all the dried up clumps of grapes are missing?  The surgery in all was not that bad to recover from, and one benifit of it was all the morphine they had me on for the next 24 hours man, was it intense.  I didnt know the hospitals let patients ride Harley Davidsons from the operating room to the room they would be staying it.\par
\par
\tab Lots of cultures have really cool fighting styles behind them. You know like the chinese have kung fu and such. But I realized that the jewish community doesn't really have one. So I made one. Stand back I know Jew Jitsue, MONEY NINJA STAR.  But I guess that wouldn't really work out because no jew would willingly throw away money. It would have to be a money boomerang.  It would return swiftly and with 5.3% interest.\par
\par
\tab Man I love food, and you can cook food alot of ways. Fry, broil, grill, steam, microwave, bake But of all the food's I love I have to say popcorn is the best because it is not cooked conventionally, it is cooked by explosion. Imagine that!  Thats deadly, anything that is exploded in order to make it edible deserves to be a dellicasey.  I tried to emulate this this method of cooking with foods I do not overly enjoy to make them as good...it did not work.  I never really liked carrots but they dont taste better when there embedded into a brick wall.\par
\tab\par
\tab I wonder if I can get my fun dip exploded.\par
\par
     Man i seen this commercial for antidepressants where one of the side effects was gambling and unusual sexual arrousal.  What the fuck man?  So you get super horny and lose all your money at blackjack so you cant afford to pay for the hooker your horny pilled up ass so desperately craves?  Arent the effects worse than the depresssion.  Besides those side effects are so random it makes no sense.  Its like if you took some halls and the side effects were that you had an unusual craving to beat someone to death with a cueballl in a sock.\par
\tab\par
     I used to know a guy who was so hard up for cigarettes he would let people kick him in the testicles for cigarettes at noon. i was talking to him and he told me "man if i had a dime for every time i got kicked in the nuts"....What? What would you have? like 60 cents? if i was gonna be kicked in the balls every day i would demand i higher denomination of money than a fucking dime.\par
\tab\par
        You know when you buy like a big bottle of booze they give you that little fuckin bottle of like shmirnoff or bayleys thats attached to the neck? who the fuck is that for? My cat? Seriously i mean if its like a sample,  Cmon im buying a 60 of whiskey for myself on a wednesday night... i think i know what vodka tastes like.\par
\par
        We live in a democratic society man but sometimes I wonder. How can the first season of married with children cost the same as the godfather trilogy.  Who the fuck let that happen?  seriously if that shit happened 200 years ago wed be marching in the streets and slaying all of our politicians\par
\par
\tab You know the hole on an acoustic guitar? its called a sound hole. seriously if you look that shit up in a dictionary youll find sound hole. How stupid is that shit. What kind of genius came up with that?  I mean yah its what it does but think about this,  the common house cat is known as a Felis silvestris catus, and an instrument thats been crafted and perfected for centuries has a sound hole. Thats it. From now on im calling it a "a partial lack in the area of an object for amplification of auditory signals"\par
\par
\tab In tonnes of movies I've seen something always goes bad and the main character is down and one of his friends says "hey man it could be worse" and than it starts raining. Now raining happens pretty commonly so i don't really count it as making a situation worse, If i was to direct a movie and that scene happened i would make it rain, and than godzilla comes out of the subway and sodomizes the main characters girlfriend. And THEN when things really seem like they couldn't get worse godzilla opens his mouth and the guys boss is on his tounge. The character gets fired. Now shit can't get worse. Unless he stubs his toe. By then he should probably just kill himself anyway.\par
\par
\tab I like watching anime, japanese cartoons, but one of my friends said, "Hey man you should read manga", which is japanese comics basicly, he sayd theyre much better. So I started reading one of his and he said "No dood you gotta read it from the back to front thats how its made."  So i said FUUUUUUCK you.  God damnit Im not gonna learn to read backwards.  I still have trouble doing it regular style. You know how much that would fuck me up in real life?  besides i already know how it ends anyway.\par
\par
\tab When i was younger i used to give my grandma christmas ornaments for christmas... but now that i think of it i prolly shouldn't have. I mean how much enjoyment can she really get out of it... Its already fucking christmas.  She won't even be able to give a real try for a whole fucking year and she just gets a new damn ornament that christmas. Holy fuck what an asshole I was.\par
\tab\par
\tab Comics usually ask the crowd, "Hey what's happening, by round of applause who here owns a blender." Shit like that you know something innocent to set up a joke.  You cant get too serious when it comes to rounds of applause. I mean what if i came out here and started yelling "Hey whatsup folks, by a round of applause who here was molested as a child!!! alright!! yah good crowd!" Also when it comes to applause you can't really ask very detailed questions anyway. "By a round of applause, what day is it?"\par
\par
\par
             are you better when your high? or are you just better when im high?\par
\par
    \par
  \tab I wonder if up in heaven they throw parties and jesus shows up like a capitain of the football team at highschool parties and is all like "Ya i died for all humans on earths sins, shit yah, wanna see my squats?"  If i was there i would be like, Jesus that was like 2000 years ago man what have you done recently man, when i was living you didnt even help me out and win a 2 dollar scratch ticket that i just had to buy cause the medication i was on at the time? Seriously, buddah is out there everyday pullin shit man what do you do? Why don't you build something. You're a lousy carpenter anyway I never seen you build anything.\par
\par
Some comics say they smoke pot to make funny jokes. I don't really understand it. I mean when your on pot things are funny. But otherwise pot is basicly the anti-joke. I mean imagine a bunch of potheads are sitting around stoned and one of them says something like... hat. They all bust out laughing.  Wait. What am I thinking. HAT! Fuck yah that ones going in my next setlist!\par
\par
\tab I love movies, and i especially love zombie movies, but I really hate it in some of them where theyre getting they're ass kicked for awhile and then they discover they have to shoot the zombies in the head. I dunno, if something was coming at me that wanted to eat my brains i would most certainly shoot them in the head. Fuckin ASAP!, I mean Cmon! Why didn't you try that before you shot them in the hand. Sure, you may not be a doctor, but you could take a educated guess on this one.\par
\par
\par
\tab I'm anti-crack but pro frebasing. When i want delicious mashed potatoes i just smash a light bulb and throw em on the stove! I think i actually can freebase my fundip!\par
\par
\tab I think lighters are purposely engineered to get hot and burn your fucking hands. The companies who make aloe vera made em like that.\par
\par
\tab I'm not very good at this comedy stuff yet so I brought a list to keep track of my stuff. Bread... apples... 4 Litres of Milk. Oh fuck sorry wrong list!  Norman Goldberg... Jerry Weinstein... Oh shit... This isn't even mine... Oh it's Shindlers.\par
\par
\tab Whenever I make some good money and am a little bit older I'm going to buy myself some property.  I'm gonna take my lot and I'm gonna put up some slides... a monkey bar set... maybe a sandbox... And definately a swingset. And whenever I see a kid playing on my swingset I'm gonna call the fucking police. Get off my private property you little shit! You goddamn little bastard I'm gonna sue you for tresspassing. Didn't you see the private property sign behind the bush.  Put him in jail the little fucking delinquint!\par
\par
           "    a girl once said to me --- im glad i havent had sex with my bf yet. hes so nice he doesnt even hint at doing it either ---- so i asked the girl --- what do you mean he doesnt hint at it? like he doesnt give you word searches where the secret message left behind is "sit on my dick" ???    "\par
\par
            \par
\tab most people dont know this but some people are better at clappng than others, I'm serious , some of you are fuckin shitty at it, missing the other hand or being all quiet.  I seen this one guy who clapped louder than everyone else and every single clap was perfectly aligned. Unfourtunatly his talent only lead him into a life of drug abuse and risque behavior. Such i waste i would pay to go see him clap live on stage. Thousands would go and listen silently, not a single clap between them.\par
\par
              have you ever been walking with a friend somewhere and you a see a ugly fucker unable to risist you nudge your friend so he can see the ugly fucker too? isnt that fun? what about when the guy notices and you have to pretend your looking at something behind the ugly fucker..... you guys are laughing but some of you are that ugly fucker! and maybe you dont even know it.\par
          \par
Michelle on the phone  -  A cartoon described for the hearing impaired \par
    \par
              why do all those strip joints say " hot live nude girls!" as if there is any question on the dancers living condition. " excuse me sir but are your girls live?"  " No. but they are still VERY fresh"\par
              \par
              i was on this street one day and i saw a street sign that astounded me. It said " deaf child at play" where would you even buy a sign like that? I guess its good you know safety and such, but you know whats safer than a sign? ... Not letting your deaf child play on the street.\par
\par
              Ever since that horse joined the town council i cant get any bills passed ( horses say neigh )\par
\par
              this one time i was eating at humptys and a kid and his father are eating at the table across. the father asks " how are your pancakes son?" and the kid replies "they taste good"\par
              to which the father firmly corrects " no son they taste serendipitous" holey fuck! what kind of father is this guy, serendipitous, the kids like fuckin seven, cut him some slack for fuck sakes.\par
\par
              wouldnt it be neat if for thirty seconds every year murder was totally legal? rape too. murder and mass rape for thirty seconds and then after nobody goes to jail. i think it would make the following news day more interesting, and i bet the day before everyone would be really nice to eachother so as to not get one someones bad side.\par
\par
\tab I once saw a commercial for a hotel that said "Come in and experience our legendary quality service".  I'm not saying the service is bad but to say it's legendary is probably a little overboard. I mean was the complimentary breakfast passed down through the kings and queens for generations saught after by all those who seen it and chosen to be eaten by only the chosen one with the mark of a god? No. So maybe the service is just "pretty good".\par
\par
\tab I try to challenge myself everyday.  When i fly to places I ask westjet to give me my itinerary in chinese.  If i don't translate it in time I don't fly. What's life without challenges I mean really?\par
\par
\tab I wonder if I can get my fun dip exploded.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 